hey guys um I thought I would try
something a little bit different this
week and do a voiceover during my
planning session i started the music so
this boshy that i got or that i'm using
actually is from from michael's the blue
and floral one and then this coral one I
guess the polka dots is from the target
dollar spot from a few months ago and I
wanted to use these washes because they
coordinate really well with a sticker
sheet that's new in my shop yeah so I'm
just kind of putting down all my usual
stickers check the weather and trying to
be better about reading so I like to try
that from when I do it I'm also gonna
try to actually meal plan this week
people in my house had been sick so it's
been kind of hard to plan for meals yeah
and so this little sticker sheet is
actually a subscriber only sheet for
people who purchase my pop fizz paper
subscription so this was the one that
came in the make it but there will be a
full size kit though available fairly
soon in my shop and with these littles
heart stickers i just checked my
boyfriend's work schedule and mothers
day is on sunday so I'm just kind of
marking that and yeah so I also keep
track of doctor appointments so that's
what that is and I need to be better
about backing up my computer so I try to
remind myself to do that
and I'm I tried something new this week
where I kind of pre wrote down my bills
I thought it would just be easier for me
to do that off camera and then just put
them in would make it go a little bit
quicker and then these stickers are some
order trackers so I'm using them to keep
track of what I've ordered when it
shipped all that and I do have a
separate kekek that I use for my
business but I've been really been using
it that much lately so I've just been
kind of keeping track of some basic
stuff in my hair and contract and yeah
so I think pretty much all the stickers
this week I user for my shop yeah so I
just need to fill in this video which
I'm doing right now and I really like
these checklist stickers because they're
pretty fins you still have lots of him
was right and there's a lot of little
boxes for busy days just nice yeah i'm
just gonna fill all these out or just
kind of skip ahead because you don't
need to some of your writing oh we all
know what writing looks like yeah just
putting down some little teardrops
writing some more stuff down that i need
to get done I kind of pre fill in my
leaps with stuff I know I want to do or
get done and but I also try to leave
room open for things that come up or
things I think of later in the week
so yeah I don't think I could do like a
plan everyday thing where you just plant
it on one day at a time as you go what
are you like kind of pre decorate but
then filling stuff like every night for
the next day only that would work for me
just would take like too much time so
yeah I just kind of like to fill in all
this stuff and I want to do the way I
can see ahead you know what I need to
get done so i could plan a little bit
better use my time a little bit more
wise p that way so yeah I think this is
kind of the part of the video where I
just kind of start adding some cute
little things
yeah so this is another sticker sheet
that's new in my shop this month and
it's just really pretty like floral
garland the various size is in what not
I like how some of them still have like
the centers in them so you can use them
as a label or write something on the
inside if you want just nice then I love
that sheet of stickers from that's from
Heidi Swapp it's really pretty and about
a few of those she's I'm still working
on the first one that I try not to like
using too much and I want to throw it
quick yes so that's pretty much my whole
week and forgot to punch little hole
there I'm just gonna do that yes so
there you go this is my week so in case
you're wondering I use an erin condren
like planner and I just took it out of
the coil and cut it down and rounded the
edges punch the holes and fit my kekek
Haley thanks for watching guys bye bye